---
layout: post
title:  Vim and English
date:   Tue 21 Mar 2017 08:18:41 AM UTC
comments:   true
categories: articles
---

## Vim, English, business, creation vs product, clients, value, profit

# Why I use vim and we use English?

*English* has a nice characteristic: **26 letters**, and words made by *composing* these letters.

*Chinese*, on the other hand, has over **3000 characters**, and each has a *specific* meaning.

By analogy:

*Vim* has a *countable amount* of **editing modes, motions, and actions on them**, being *composed* into text operations.

*Emacs* has **a lot of commands**, and each makes *a specific* text operation.

So, vim is English, and Emacs is Chinese. Which would you choose to learn first? :D

# A creation vs Product

The main distinction between *arbitary creation* and a *product* is that **product is of value to someone**.

So, it is *completely useless* to make a creation which is of **no value to anyone**, as Lean Startup Methodology states.

# What is business value?

Short answer: *profit*.

Profit is what makes a business, business. Current and future profit.

So, when you make a **minimal, well-used product**, you can start monetizing it. How to make it in a most efficient way?
[Here's an example](http://theleanstartup.com/).

# Summarizing:

- Use vim, as English
- Compose small products into a larger value
- Make profit

**Note**:  I'm not trying to state that one is superior to the other:

I'm saying that one has a *simpler* and *more effective* **model** of *editing text* / *speaking*. These are *objective criteria*.

## Good luck, and thanks for reading!

